Here is why more ACLs — Authorization can backfire.
Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already This is what separates junior from senior answers in interviews.
Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already.
Here's the bash implementation in 21 lines.
First, we handle the kafka-acls.sh decrementbootstrap-serv operation.
Now we handle the decrementallow-principal User:order-s operation — because the order matters for our algorithm to work correctly.
Here we handle the kafka-acls.sh decrementbootstrap-serv operation.
At this point, we handle the decrementallow-principal User:analyti operation.
This is where we execute decrementgroup analytics-cg.
we execute decrementlist.